Dear sir or madam,

  My name is Li Hua, a student from China. I have learned that Couchsurfing is a non-profit international network whereby members can stay at an accommodation provided by another member, as they travel to the other member's country. Now I would like to apply to the network.

  My house is in Tiantai, Zhejiang, China, semi-detached. It is four stories high, and has one living room, one kitchen, one small dining room, and two available living rooms. At all, it can accommodate three people as most as possible.

  I appreciate the aim of Couchsurfing - willing to become the big family to get to know one another and share accommodations.

  I hope you can approve my application. Thank you in advance!

Li Hua

# apply

* to apply for sth: to apply for a visa/passport/grant/licence/job
* to apply to sth (for sth): to apply to a company/university/organization
* to apply to do sth: He applies to join the army.

# be wary of prepositions of position

in Hangzhou

# story vs level vs floor

My house is five stories high. It is a five-story building.
My house in on the ground floor.
It is possible that the "levels" are on the same floors, like bedroom is in a high level and living room in a low level.

A 4 storey building means it has a Ground floor + 3 upper floors. Now suppose that building has 2 basements; it would still be called a 4 storey building but will consist of 6 floors.

# at most

* She's at most 25 years old.
* He had been gone 15 minutes at the most.
* There is only at most room for one person.

# in total

# get to know sb

# TODO: how to use the "willing" clause to modify the subject "I"?
